How dare you let Xiao Yunfeng go behind my back?
You just need to get Kamitani
Why must he kill Xiao Yunfeng?
Well, where did that kid run off to?
Even you are obsessed with seven meats and eight vegetables
Dad, you have to dare to touch a hair on your husband
Daughter died in front of you
Just because you want to threaten me
Let me see how many catties I have.
Please dad
As long as you don't kill Ying Fu
Daughter is willing to do anything
Really?
Then let Dad see what you say
Kind of doable?
Xiao Yingfeng meets again
Where is the devil
Hahahaha
If you want to see the devil, you have to pass me first
The few times you and I fought, it was on the human site
Now in the devil's world
Hahahaha
Boy you are dead
Stop talking nonsense, a demon soldier
If you want to deal with adults, go through me first
Dead thing
Hey
Ah carving iron skills
What if you are backed by the power of the devil world?
You can't even beat me, and you still want to be a tiger and a bear?
hit
Fifth Subtotal
I'll ask again.
Where is the devil
Xiao Yin Wang, don't be happy too early
I haven't made a big move yet
Mother stop
Cangling Girl Xiao Yingfeng
Hand over Kamitani
It's not good to spare you
He must have been charged
Hand over Kamitani